Add sample for InputText with oninput (#14123)
aspnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/blazor/forms-validation.md

The `EditForm` creates an `EditContext` as a [cascading value](xref:blazor/components#cascading-values-and-parameters) that tracks metadata about the edit process, including which fields have been modified and the current validation messages. The `EditForm` also provides convenient events for valid and invalid submits (`OnValidSubmit`, `OnInvalidSubmit`). Alternatively, use `OnSubmit` to trigger the validation and check field values with custom validation code.

## InputText based on the input event

> A version of `InputText` that uses the `input` event instead of the `change` event is supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the `InputText` component to create a custom component that uses the `input` event instead of the `change` event.
```
